h2. Corona Mock for gameNetwork

You cannot utilize the gameNetwork functions in Corona in the emulator. Not being able
to visually see if your code is working in the emulator is frustrating.

So, I wrote a class that visually fakes it and detects if you're in the emulator or
on an actual device. If in the emulator, it'll show an OpenFeint like GUI,
confirming that you're code is working. If on the device, it'll utilize the
real gameNetwork calls. Wrapping it, you're code doesn't change at all.

For now, I only support OpenFeint achievements & init; working on Papaya Mobile soon. An example
of how you wrap Achievements is included in the examples.

Jesse Warden
email: jessew@webappsolution.com
twitter: @jesterxl
blog: http://jessewarden.com

h3. Getting Started With Corona
* "Brief Overview":http://www.anscamobile.com/corona/
* "Corona FAQ":http://www.anscamobile.com/corona/faq/
* "API's at a glance":http://developer.anscamobile.com/resources/apis
* "Resources":http://www.anscamobile.com/resources/

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.